This year, an unproven young actress - an alumna, it's rumoured, of the Foreign Office's mysterious choir -- 
has taken the part of the Raven. Her rendition of the Hymn of the Shames sends a bankerly fellow fleeing 
from the auditorium in tears. Millicent mouths the words along with her. "The glowing-hearted mountain; 
the river in the sky; the near night and the deep night...'

The Messenger is - you've heard - always played by a man and a woman, alternately, scene by scene. In this 
performance, there are three actors, and you're not sure any of them are a man or a woman, precisely. 
The Messenger-actor who receives the flattery of the Owls, and warns the Hunter against greed, is bald and 
burning-eyed. Millicent watches closely. "Not so very unlike," she murmurs to you. "I think that had the 
Messenger succeeded, I would not love it so - but I know that had it given up, I would despise it -" 
The Hunter begins his litany of solar insults, and Millicent goes guiltily quiet.

The role of the Phoenix is taken by a thrillingly beautiful visitor from the floating city of Khan's Shadow. 
There are whistles and cheers from the audience when she appears on the stage: and the more boorish audience 
members punctuate her lines with further whistles, even the soliloquy for which the part is so well-known - 
"I am so very tired of flames. I will drown myself in snow, and emerge in perfect serenity. Or emerge not at 
all." The point approaches where the Phoenix usually disrobes to undergo her Last Immolation, and two 
gentlemen become so excited that other better-mannered theatre-goers eject them. 

But when the Immolation begins, the Phoenix does not disrobe - her feathered robe bursts into cold blue flame 
and she stands in the middle of it like a wick in a candle. You could swear that from the box you hear her 
crack and creak like new-made ice. The curtain falls, and there's a long pause before anyone applauds.

The Dragons who bring the Messenger to justice are seven in number. One carries Time gored on a horn. Another 
has the Hunter carelessly slung over one huge shoulder. Two more each are daubed with red - 'The Blood of the 
World,' Millicent whispers. They drag the Messenger screaming, up the steps to the scaffold at the back that 
represents the Wound in the World, where the Chained Sun and the Messenger's Daughter wait. The Seventh 
Dragon recites the crimes of the Sun and the Messenger - Betrayal of Messages, Undelivery of Words, 
Vile Breeding, Conspiracy in Darkness, and Unlicensed Love. 

When the Dragon says the words 'Unlicensed Love', its fellows set up an astonishing, breathless scream of 
rage - metallic, like the tearing of ships' hulls, and so loud! Loud as thunder or the collapse of 
buildings. You see others in the audience rise from their seats, clutching their heads. Millicent dabs at 
her own ear - a trickle of blood runs down her pale neck. And the screaming grows yet louder! The stage, 
the roof, the box you sit in, all shake like a ship in the grip of a hurricane. The audience are rushing for 
the exits now. It is a relief when the Dragons cease their screaming and lunge forwards, to feed on their 
prisoners. The curtain falls on the sights and red sounds of their feasting. 

Even before your hearing has cleared, Millicent turns to you. "Now," she says. "Love."